Resolved undocumented nullable behavior (#2046)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.0.3.md

##### Fixed Fields
Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---

> <a name="schemaNullable"></a>nullable | `boolean` | A `true` value adds `"null"` to the allowed type specified by the `type` keyword, only if `type` is explicitly defined within the same Schema Object. Other Schema Object constraints retain their defined behavior, and therefore may disallow the use of `null` as a value. A `false` value leaves the specified or default `type` unmodified. The default value is `false`.

Author: Do we also need to mention and clear up that type being missing is string, integer, null, array, etc?

Reviewer: > Do we also need to mention and clear up that type being missing is string, integer, null, array, etc?

I think that's covered by JSON Schema. `type` is a constraint, and in the absence of a `type` constraint, values of any type are allowed. 

I would not mind stating it explicitly, but TSC folks on the call were pushing to keep the spec minimal and concise. Paraphrasing what was said on the call, people will inevitably get confused and ask questions, and no amount of explanatory verbiage in the spec will prevent that from happening.

Reviewer 2: @philsturgeon we covered this in the call.  We want to keep the text minimal, and defer to JSON Schema as much as possible.

> <a name="schemaNullable"></a>nullable | `boolean` | Allows sending a `null` value for the defined schema. Default value is `false`.<br><br>A `nullable` value of `true` allows `null` in addition to other specified `type` values only if `nullable` and `type` are both specified within the same schema object. The effect of `"nullable" : true` is limited to its expansion of the set of allowed types, within the scope of its containing schema. An `enum`, `const`, `allOf`, or other keyword can independently prohibit `null` values, effectively overriding `"nullable" : true`.<br><br>A `nullable` value of `false` leaves the specified or default `type` unmodified. It has no effect on the schema object.

Reviewer: This is the revised language we agreed to on the TSC call: 

```suggestion
<a name="schemaNullable"></a>nullable | `boolean` | A `true` value expands the allowed type defined by the `type` keyword, only if `type` is explicitly defined within the same Schema Object. Other Schema Object constraints retain their defined behavior, and therefore may disallow the use of `null` as a value. A `false` value leaves the specified or default `type` unmodified. The default value is `false`.
```

Reviewer: @darrelmiller , @webron , @handrews, @philsturgeon , please note the following edits to our edit:

A `true` value ~expands~ **adds `"null"` to** the allowed type ~defined~ **specified** by the `type` keyword, only if `type` is explicitly defined within the same Schema Object. Other Schema Object constraints retain their defined behavior, and therefore may disallow the use of `null` as a value. A `false` value leaves the specified or default `type` unmodified. The default value is `false`.

Somehow in our collaborative real-time editing, we neglected to state that `nullable` adds `"null"` to the set of allowed types. We just said that it "expands" the `type` value, but didn't state the obvious (to us) nature of said expansion.

I have corrected that here and in the proposal in PR #2050.
